here we are
home sweet home i would have preferred
to stay away just a little bit longer
um my god
look at the mess look at this place and
look at the dust
oh i don't even know where i'm going to
begin
calm down anne one thing at a time
let's just have a look at the post to
start with
electricity bill heating bill
telephone bill i can't believe there are
only bills to pay
i'll open them later coming home from
holidays stressful enough as it is
oh here's a letter from sharon
let's see what she has to say
i'll tidy up later
[Applause]
dear anne i would have preferred to say
goodbye in person but you had already
left
for your trip to italy speaking of which
did you enjoy yourself
unfortunately things between me and jack
just haven't worked out
maybe we rushed everything maybe
memories with peter were still too fresh
i don't know anyway living together just
became impossible
after thinking about things long and
hard i decided to accept my boss's offer
to transfer to amsterdam
to take charge of the new museum opening
it's a great city in any case i need
time to get my life in order and
well i hope everything's fine with you
oh don't hurt me there you'll find all
my money there just just take it and
leave
relax and it's me jack oh
jack jack
[Applause]
are you crazy you scared me half to
death how did you get in here
well i might be living next door but i
still have these
so i can surprise you from time to time
jack you'll never change i was reading a
letter from
sharon explaining why she left
if you don't mind and i'd i'd rather not
talk about that
what about you and your mr perfection
nick
how are you well i realized that
things weren't all as perfect as he
wanted me to believe and
in any case if you don't mind i'd rather
not talk about it
absolutely let bygones be bygones
what about a drink to celebrate your
homecoming um
no jack i've just arrived and i need to
unpack
and just take a look at the place it's a
disaster area no the first thing i want
to do is get things tidied up
where did you get this
isn't it marvellous my grandmother gave
it to me
it's fantastic well if you want to get
tidied up you'd better start right away
it'll take you a month to clean this
i know if you say i'll never change
and do you ever think about anything
besides cleaning
no guys you should get engaged to a
hoover
anyway no excuses come on go get ready
can you manage to be ready by seven
hello alice hi
yes yes i arrived this morning and i'm
here with jack now
he says hello she says hello
i'm so happy you know jack insisted on
cleaning the whole house
straight away
hmm what
what telegram
no i haven't received anything
what but tonight
alice
no yes alice you should have given me
some advance notice
okay yes fine i'll see you at the
airport at nine
what do you mean at the airport what did
alice have to say
she's arriving tonight at nine o'clock
for good and she's bringing the surprise
wow well that is good news
but together again all for one one for
all
isn't that great and yep
fantastic what's the matter why the sad
phase
nothing
but it's just that i was just thinking
about the poor
house i don't even want to start to
imagine
what a mess i'm going to have in here
with you two
[Music]
edward stop put that infernal gadget
away
that's enough there's a limit to
everything you know
great that's it and gone like that you
are fantastic
fantastic my eye i told you to cut it
out
alice alice yes and what can i do for
you
and tell your director friend to give it
a rest
and put away that damn video camera i
absolutely do not want to be filmed like
this
have i made myself perfectly clear
hi alice good morning edward can't stop
working eh
what's on the menu for today's shoot
wow and you look beautiful
excuse me um could i use the bathroom
for a moment
calm down and none of these sessions are
going to be shown for air
at least for now what exactly does for
now
mean well once all the material has been
put in place
cut and edited edward's planning on
showing it to a producer
if it's accepted the idea is to go for
our own tv program
isn't that a great idea what producer
television let me in jack
let me in no let me in
oh let me
so
so anne what do you think of edward
in what sense as a man
or as a director do you really have to
ask
as a man of course well
i've just met him so i can't really say
but
as a director my view is that he's
a bit too intrusive come on and get over
it
that's his job in my opinion
i think he's just great
oh what's this i'm hearing
our little alice might be
in love well yes
as i see it and this is the first time
in my life i've fallen head
over heels in love so much in love
but he doesn't even notice me you know
we share
so many common interests and we see
things in the same way we can talk for
hours on end but it just ends there
he looks on me as a good friend nothing
more
nothing less you know
i'm really not used to that role usually
i'm the one to keep
others at bay yes i remember
tom frank david
how many broken hearts have you left
behind
so tell me have you asked edward
how he feels about you no of course not
look edward isn't interested in some
relationship
he's he's profound and introspective
spiritual
he's a person who enjoys observing and
analyzing others
yes if you ask me too much so
anyway i can't agree with you i'm afraid
even spiritual
beings personal longings
i think you should tell him and who
knows
your edward might be much more human
than you think
oh maybe you're right
but i have to think of a special way to
show him
just how i feel
maybe i should see what my horoscope has
to say
yes yes i've just had a brilliant
idea
alice
are you feeling okay oh yeah hi
anne i'm just preparing a little lunch
fed wide
eduard what's with the french accent
i thought you said he was canadian he is
from the french part his mother's french
so
he's fully bilingual
well now that you mention it i had
noticed just like french accent
yes isn't it adorable
hmm
well i must say love does work wonders
i'm not at all used to seeing you as a a
housewife
well to tell you the truth i haven't got
used to it yet
you know i just hope i got the recipe
right
you know i followed the instructions to
the letter
but you know i feel like a fish out of
water with these things
so um you've decided to go for
edward's jugular well
not only that here's the crowning
touch what is it
it's a chinese fortune cookie with a
little note inside
what a romantic idea do you think
i wrote the note myself
i thought i would surprise him by hiding
it inside his neck in
like this what do you think
i think it's just perfect oh you'll see
it will go straight to his heart
hello yes this is alice
ah it's already come in what
oh in half an hour um
yeah okay okay i'll i'll be there in a
few minutes
and could i borrow your car
please i have to go and pick up a packet
my father sent me but
uh the post office closes in half an
hour and
i won't make it on foot um
my car you don't have a license
don't worry about it i have it and
anyway
i always used to drive you know my dad's
got a car
just like yours okay i'm off
tell eduard i'll be back in a flash
alice alice
but who's gonna clean up this mess
get used to it anne
it's the same old story
now i'm late
oh i can't believe i always get myself
into these situations
i'm late and here i am helping alice
with her grand
plan i am oh hello oh that smells great
my compliments to the chef
no no no it's not like you think i have
to go
i've got a meeting with my boss alice
has just gone out
she told me to let you know that she'll
be returning soon
bye bye
well i'm starving
what's this a little note
a little delight for the man who's got
my heart racing
what what's this all about
there must be some mistake oh well
yes this is my napkin
who could have written this oh my god
and but but she was just here and she
was so
shy this is getting interesting
and it's very cute so what i'm going to
do now
i'm not used to these things
now has it gone well it's not here
it's not there either edward yes
have you seen my mobile phone oh no
here it is thanks
pardon me why are you eyeing me like
that
no nothing nothing well
all right i've got to run
bye bye
she's acting like nothing is happening
at all
this is getting very interesting
number one i am a student
i subject m
be a student now
okay i am a student
i am a student number two
i'm i'm the short form of i
am i'm an english teacher
me i'm an english teacher teacher is
now english okay before
the now we can add an adjective or maybe
a noun
to form a noun phrase so an english
teacher
is a now phrase an english
english teacher an english teacher i'm
an english teacher
remember a student but an
english teacher why uh and
it's usually used for a singular noun
student teacher singular that means one
but uh usually used before
a word that begins with a consonant
a consonant sound and an before
a word beginning with a vowel sound
so a student an english teacher
but if i don't use english i can say
i'm a teacher okay but when you use
english you have to say i'm an english
teacher
for number three and number four he
remember
he goes with ease right
he is a doctor
doctor he is a doctor we can link them
together
he is a doctor
now number four he he's short form of he
is
right he's my dad he's my dad
or my father
number five and number six
she is a good woman
woman is the noun
good is the adjective a good woman is a
now phrase
a good woman she is
we can linger together she is a good
woman
remember woo man woman she is a good
number six she she's short form of
she is right she's my
brother's girlfriend that means
the girlfriend of my
brother my brother's
girlfriend my brother's girlfriend is
also a noun
okay my brothers
thus my brother's girlfriend
she's my brother's girlfriend
number seven and number eight it
remember it with ease
it is her book
or you can say or you can link them
together it is
it is her book
number eight it's
is the short form of it is right
is an umbrella
it's an it's an umbrella
remember so here um
the the vowel is out so we have to use
an it's an umbrella it's an umbrella
brella it's an umbrella
umbrella you know uh when you
uh when you go out it's raining or
it's sunny you have to use an umbrella
it's an umbrella uh
nine and ten my son
my son okay one person so
a singular noun one right so we have to
use with
ease my son is
an intelligent boy
boy is the noun intelligent is an
adjective
okay so an intelligent boy
is now phrased an intelligent boy
my son isn't you can link him together
isn't my son is an intelligent boy
for number 10 this this or this one
or maybe this table uh when
i say this we all know uh this
in this situation means maybe this table
uh this chair but you know what i mean
so this is also a subject this
this is one right we have to use with
ease and we can link them together this
is the cis remember th
the this is this is our
new car i am a
poncho don't say okay
puncture i am a punctual person
so to make the question
okay just put m before i
so i am sorry m i
am i a punctual person i want to know if
i'm a punctual person
am i a punctual person
two i'm remember i'm
is short form of i am
i'm his cousin i'm his
cursor so to make the question okay
m before i
am i his cousin am i his person
or maybe i know this person but i don't
know he's my cousin or not so i have to
ask
am i his cousin now for
mi if i use mi to
ask then okay
the listener will answer
am i n yes you are
no you aren't remember i ask you
am i a punctual person and you have to
ask
yes you you have to talk to me
yes you are or no you aren't right
yes you are you can link them together s
and then why together just like
show yes you are or no you aren't don't
say aaron okay
aren't no you aren't number three and
four
she remember she is with
east she is their
aunt aunt that means the sister
of your father or your mother
aunts she is their aunt
uh okay aunts remember for
british english people say aren't and
for american english people say ant
she's an excellent designer she's a
she's an excellent designer so if i want
to change into the question
now i put b before subject
so is she
okay is she there aren't
is she there aren't or
is she now this one is she
an excellent designer is she an
excellent designer
remember for years no question we raise
our voice
at the end of the question okay am i
am i a punctual person am i his
cousin is she there aren't
is she an excellent designer now
number one i am not a nurse
i subject m b
remember there are three forms of b m is
r
not and then a nurse now
so remember not is
up to me and before now
i am not a nurse not a
not a nurse i am not a nurse i am not
or you can say i'm not i'm not a nurse
number two i'm not her husband
i'm not her husband don't say hurt okay
her's husband i'm not her husband
or i can say i am not her husband
she is not a lazy woman
she is not she is not or you can
say she's not a lazy woman
or she isn't a lazy woman
for number four she isn't
the receptionist receptionist
is a person whose job is to welcome
guests
or customers or they have to answer the
phone
maybe at a hotel or a building reception
receptionist he is
not our colleague he
subject is be
not and our colleague now
he is not our colleague or you can link
them together
not ever colleague
colleague is the person you work with a
lot of people usually
pronounce college no not college
college or university the places where
you study
here colleague a person so remember
college with ge at the end college
or change but g-u-e
at the end we pronounce so
carlik colleague